other/MAINTAINING.md, before:

# Maintaining

This is documentation for maintainers of this project.

## Code of Conduct

Please review, understand, and be an example of it. Violations of the code of
conduct are taken seriously, even (especially) for maintainers.

## Issues

We want to support and build the community. We do that best by helping people
learn to solve their own problems. We have an issue template and hopefully most
folks follow it. If it's not clear what the issue is, invite them to create a
minimal reproduction of what they're trying to accomplish or the bug they think
they've found.

Once it's determined that a code change is necessary, point people to
[makeapullrequest.com](http://makeapullrequest.com) and invite them to make a
pull request. If they're the one who needs the feature, they're the one who can
build it. If they need some hand holding and you have time to lend a hand,
please do so. It's an investment into another human being, and an investment
into a potential maintainer.

Remember that this is open source, so the code is not yours, it's ours. If
someone needs a change in the codebase, you don't have to make it happen
yourself. Commit as much time to the project as you want/need to. Nobody can ask
any more of you than that.

## Pull Requests

As a maintainer, you're fine to make your branches on the main repo or on your
own fork. Either way is fine.

When we receive a pull request, a travis build is kicked off automatically (see
the `.travis.yml` for what runs in the travis build). We avoid merging anything
that breaks the travis build.

Please review PRs and focus on the code rather than the individual. You never
know when this is someone's first ever PR and we want their experience to be as
positive as possible, so be uplifting and constructive.

When you merge the pull request, 99% of the time you should use the
[Squash and merge](https://help.github.com/articles/merging-a-pull-request/)
feature. This keeps our git history clean, but more importantly, this allows us
to make any necessary changes to the commit message so we release what we want
to release. See the next section on Releases for more about that.

## Release

Our releases are automatic. They happen whenever code lands into `master`. A
travis build gets kicked off and if it's successful, a tool called
[`semantic-release`](https://github.com/semantic-release/semantic-release) is
used to automatically publish a new release to npm as well as a changelog to
GitHub. It is only able to determine the version and whether a release is
necessary by the git commit messages. With this in mind, **please brush up on
[the commit message convention][commit] which drives our releases.**

> One important note about this: Please make sure that commit messages do NOT
> contain the words "BREAKING CHANGE" in them unless we want to push a major
> version. I've been burned by this more than once where someone will include
> "BREAKING CHANGE: None" and it will end up releasing a new major version. Not
> a huge deal honestly, but kind of annoying...

## Thanks!

Thank you so much for helping to maintain this project!

[commit]:
  https://github.com/conventional-changelog-archived-repos/conventional-changelog-angular/blob/ed32559941719a130bb0327f886d6a32a8cbc2ba/convention.md

Commit message:

chore: migrate to github actions

other/MAINTAINING.md, after:

# Maintaining

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->

**Table of Contents**

- [Code of Conduct](#code-of-conduct)
- [Issues](#issues)
- [Pull Requests](#pull-requests)
- [Release](#release)
- [Thanks!](#thanks)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

This is documentation for maintainers of this project.

## Code of Conduct

Please review, understand, and be an example of it. Violations of the code of
conduct are taken seriously, even (especially) for maintainers.

## Issues

We want to support and build the community. We do that best by helping people
learn to solve their own problems. We have an issue template and hopefully most
folks follow it. If it's not clear what the issue is, invite them to create a
minimal reproduction of what they're trying to accomplish or the bug they think
they've found.

Once it's determined that a code change is necessary, point people to
[makeapullrequest.com](http://makeapullrequest.com) and invite them to make a
pull request. If they're the one who needs the feature, they're the one who can
build it. If they need some hand holding and you have time to lend a hand,
please do so. It's an investment into another human being, and an investment
into a potential maintainer.

Remember that this is open source, so the code is not yours, it's ours. If
someone needs a change in the codebase, you don't have to make it happen
yourself. Commit as much time to the project as you want/need to. Nobody can ask
any more of you than that.

## Pull Requests

As a maintainer, you're fine to make your branches on the main repo or on your
own fork. Either way is fine.

When we receive a pull request, a GitHub Action is kicked off automatically (see
the `.github/workflows/validate.yml` for what runs in the Action). We avoid
merging anything that breaks the GitHub Action.

Please review PRs and focus on the code rather than the individual. You never
know when this is someone's first ever PR and we want their experience to be as
positive as possible, so be uplifting and constructive.

When you merge the pull request, 99% of the time you should use the
[Squash and merge](https://help.github.com/articles/merging-a-pull-request/)
feature. This keeps our git history clean, but more importantly, this allows us
to make any necessary changes to the commit message so we release what we want
to release. See the next section on Releases for more about that.

## Release

Our releases are automatic. They happen whenever code lands into `master`. A
GitHub Action gets kicked off and if it's successful, a tool called
[`semantic-release`](https://github.com/semantic-release/semantic-release) is
used to automatically publish a new release to npm as well as a changelog to
GitHub. It is only able to determine the version and whether a release is
necessary by the git commit messages. With this in mind, **please brush up on
[the commit message convention][commit] which drives our releases.**

> One important note about this: Please make sure that commit messages do NOT
> contain the words "BREAKING CHANGE" in them unless we want to push a major
> version. I've been burned by this more than once where someone will include
> "BREAKING CHANGE: None" and it will end up releasing a new major version. Not
> a huge deal honestly, but kind of annoying...

## Thanks!

Thank you so much for helping to maintain this project!

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
[commit]: https://github.com/conventional-changelog-archived-repos/conventional-changelog-angular/blob/ed32559941719a130bb0327f886d6a32a8cbc2ba/convention.md
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->
