CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

Thanks for being willing to contribute!

**Working on your first Pull Request?** You can learn how from this _free_
series [How to Contribute to an Open Source Project on GitHub][egghead]

## Project setup

1. Fork and clone the repo
2. Run `npm run setup -s` to install dependencies and run validation
3. Create a branch for your PR with `git checkout -b pr/your-branch-name`

> Tip: Keep your `master` branch pointing at the original repository and make
> pull requests from branches on your fork. To do this, run:
>
> ```
> git remote add upstream https://github.com/testing-library/user-event
> git fetch upstream
> git branch --set-upstream-to=upstream/master master
> ```
>
> This will add the original repository as a "remote" called "upstream," Then
> fetch the git information from that remote, then set your local `master`
> branch to use the upstream master branch whenever you run `git pull`. Then you
> can make all of your pull request branches based on this `master` branch.
> Whenever you want to update your version of `master`, do a regular `git pull`.

## Consistency

We have a
[user event playground codesandbox](https://codesandbox.io/s/user-event-playground-eo909)
which helps us ensure that we're triggering the correct events for the
interactions we're trying to simulate. This might help you developing bug fixes
and features.

## Committing and Pushing changes

Please make sure to run the tests before you commit your changes. You can run
`npm run test:update` which will update any snapshots that need updating. Make
sure to include those changes (if they exist) in your commit.

## Help needed

Please checkout the [the open issues][issues]

Also, please watch the repo and respond to questions/bug reports/feature
requests! Thanks!

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
[egghead]: https://egghead.io/series/how-to-contribute-to-an-open-source-project-on-github
[all-contributors]: https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors
[issues]: https://github.com/testing-library/user-event/issues
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

Commit message:

chore: Updating master branch refs into main

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

Thanks for being willing to contribute!

**Working on your first Pull Request?** You can learn how from this _free_
series [How to Contribute to an Open Source Project on GitHub][egghead]

## Project setup

1. Fork and clone the repo
2. Run `npm run setup -s` to install dependencies and run validation
3. Create a branch for your PR with `git checkout -b pr/your-branch-name`

> Tip: Keep your `main` branch pointing at the original repository and make pull
> requests from branches on your fork. To do this, run:
>
> ```
> git remote add upstream https://github.com/testing-library/user-event
> git fetch upstream
> git branch --set-upstream-to=upstream/main main
> ```
>
> This will add the original repository as a "remote" called "upstream," Then
> fetch the git information from that remote, then set your local `main` branch
> to use the upstream main branch whenever you run `git pull`. Then you can make
> all of your pull request branches based on this `main` branch. Whenever you
> want to update your version of `main`, do a regular `git pull`.

## Consistency

We have a
[user event playground codesandbox](https://codesandbox.io/s/user-event-playground-eo909)
which helps us ensure that we're triggering the correct events for the
interactions we're trying to simulate. This might help you developing bug fixes
and features.

## Committing and Pushing changes

Please make sure to run the tests before you commit your changes. You can run
`npm run test:update` which will update any snapshots that need updating. Make
sure to include those changes (if they exist) in your commit.

## Help needed

Please checkout the [the open issues][issues]

Also, please watch the repo and respond to questions/bug reports/feature
requests! Thanks!

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
[egghead]: https://egghead.io/series/how-to-contribute-to-an-open-source-project-on-github
[all-contributors]: https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors
[issues]: https://github.com/testing-library/user-event/issues
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->
